c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\obj\x86\Debug\Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Ball.png
C:\Users\Igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Paddle.png
C:\Users\Igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\Ping Pong.exe
C:\Users\Igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\bin\Windows\Debug\Ping Pong.pdb
C:\Users\Igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\obj\x86\Debug\Ping Pong.exe
C:\Users\Igor\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Test\Test\obj\x86\Debug\Ping Pong.pdb
